Terms of service
 – High Caliber Line 
 Skip to content

 Check Order Status 

 View All Products 

 Why Choose High Caliber? 

 Search Cart 

 Best Sellers! 

 New Items 

 Drinkware 

 Bags 

 Lanyards 

 Make An Offer 

 1 / of 8 

 Terms of service 

 ORDERING INFORMATION 
 Acknowledgement: 
 We will notify you immediately upon receipt of your order with a confirmation with specifics to your PO within 24 hours. 
 Prices: 
 Prices shown in on the website are FOB factory: Irwindale, California; prices and quantities are subject to change without notification. Pricing published via third party databases may not reflect our current prices and product information, for current pricing and product information please visit www.highcaliberline.com. All prices are subject to change based on governmental fees and tariffs. Please contact customer service or inside sales for pricing. 
 EQP: 
 EQP applies to printed and blank price grids for qualifying customers. Exclude all direct import pricing grids. 
 PPE EQP: 
 We are honoring EQP and next column pricing for those who qualify for all items that have a custom logo on them. The max column pricing is 2500 pcs for in stock pricing. 
 Terms: 
 Net 30 days from date of invoice on pre-approved accounts. Large orders may require a deposit. 
 Orders: 
 All purchase orders (PO’s) must be in writing on customer’s official PO form or company letterhead. Orders are subject to credit approval. Orders received with art attached will be processed more quickly. If art needs to be submitted at a later time, please email art to adept@highcaliberline.com with PO number, please add PO Number to subject line. Standard published pricing applies if pricing is not stated on PO. Any changes to the PO must be made in writing and must be approved by the factory prior to the changes becoming effective. All changes and updates must be confirmed by factory. Changes may cause delay in production and may affect required dates. Orders with quantities over EQP or more than 1 color / 1 location will require additional production time. 
 Assorted Colors: 
 To order an assortment of colors, you must meet at least half of the quantity listed in the first column. 
 Order Cancellations: 
 Orders cancelled during production will be charged for completed work at the time of cancellation. Cancellation must be made in writing via fax/email and confirmed by factory. Cancellation fee of $50(V) and/or Restocking fee may apply. 
 Rush Orders: 
 Production time starts after all approvals have been received by the factory, including credit, art, and pre-production proofs. 
 Repeat Orders: 
 Repeat setup charges apply to all orders. If artwork is older than 24 months, we will require new art and charges may apply. 
 Co-op and Catalog Programs: 
 Please contact customer service for additional information. 
 Returns: 
 Factory must be notified within 30 days of receipt of products, factory return authorization is required prior to the return of merchandise. Blank merchandise is subjected to a 25% restocking fee or a minimum of $50(V), plus all freight cost. All returns must be freight prepaid within 30 days, returns will not be accepted without prior authorization. 
 Sales Tax: 
 In accordance with California law, goods shipped to an address within California will be charged sales tax unless the purchaser has a resale permit issued by the California Board of Equalization on file with the factory. Please contact our accounting department prior to ordering for instructions on how you may qualify for an exemption from the tax. 
 Inventory Availability: 
 Inventory stock availability is on a first come, first serve basis. We recommend calling customer service for inventory confirmation prior to submitting a PO. Inventory cannot be placed on hold without a written purchase order. 
 Product Proofs: 
 Proofs provided are for logo placement and size approval only. The colors shown on e-proofs may not be accurately represented on your computer monitor. *add revision fee* 
 ARTWORK 
 Artwork must be digitized, submitted in MAC or PC formatted EPS files created in Adobe Illustrator (version 11/CS or lower), or Adobe Photoshop (version 11/CS) or lower. Camera-ready art is also accepted and should be printed with black ink on white photographic paper at 200% of the final imprint size. If camera-ready art is multi-colored, colors must be clearly stated and separated with registration marks. JPEG and TIFF files are also accepted and must be at least 300 dpi. 
 JPEG and TIFF files cannot be manipulated or changed and the art department cannot reverse or convert colors. Scanned images must be scanned at 600 dpi at 200% of the hard copy. High Caliber Line (HCL) will provide straight typeset with readily available fonts upon request at no charge. An additional fee of $40(v) per hour will be applied for changes to the artwork; changes include slight recreations and clean up. For the best image output, VECTOR ART IS ALWAYS PREFERRED. Any artwork specifying a PMS color must be sent as vector art, no exceptions. All text must be outlined or converted to curves and any placed images must be linked when saved. A paper proof is provided at no charge. A fee of $30(v) will be charged for the 4th revision. 
 Email Artwork To: 
 Send artwork to: adept@highcaliberline.com 
 Please include the following information: 
 PO Number in Subject Line 
 Distributor name and contact information 
 Item # to be imprinted 
 Artwork Approvals: 
 High Caliber is committed to meeting our customers’ required delivery dates and production will not start until proof approval is received if a proof is provided. Rush charges and/or delays may incur if proof approval is not returned as quickly as possible. Requests for proofs or e-proof must be in writing on the PO or the factory will produce the order per artwork sent using standard guidelines. e-Proofs must be approved within 24 hours of their receipt in order to hold a production schedule time and inventory. All orders requiring typesetting require a proof. 
 Imprinting: 
 Each product is manufactured and printed individually, so 3/16” movement in logo alignment may result and cannot be considered a defect in printing. 
 Heat transfers and digital printing allow full color imprints, halftones, gradients and multi-colored logos to be offered for one low price. PMS colors can be matched at no additional cost; however, artwork requiring PMS colors MUST be in vector format, no exceptions. Unless otherwise specified, the background will be white. On bitmap images, a hard color copy must be provided if you require us to match to your intended colors. 
 The shape of a heat transfer should be kept within the confines of a rectangle, circle, oval or square. However, we may accommodate an outline to suit your logo. If in doubt, call one of our factory representatives. An epoxy dome can be added to most digital inserts for an additional cost. Digital printing cannot print metallic colors, please choose any PMS yellow or grey. Digital Direct Printing (DDP) which is full color digital printing, exact color matches cannot be achieved. There may be a dramatic difference between the PMS Color noted, computer screen  color and printed color. Color variations in DDP are not defects and reasons for returns. 
 Laser engraving on anodized or plated items appear on actual item as tone on tone normally, but can and does at times appear slightly bronze due to the differences in materials and variations in the thickness of the plating on some items.  Laser engraving uses the laser to etch through the surface so it cannot be controlled exactly the same on each item.  On a proof, laser engraving is most often shown in gray color. Imprint will shift slightly when printed or lasered. 
 PMS Color Match Charge: 
 Choose from our standard colors shown below or specify a PMS color for $37.50(v)/color. When ordering, please state the specific PMS color required or one of our standard colors will be used. Standard Imprint Colors: Red, Orange, Yellow, Athletic Gold, Brown, Green, Forest Green, Navy Blue, Process Blue, Reflex Blue, Teal Purple, Hot Pink, Burgundy, Gray, Charcoal, White, Black, Metallic Silver, Metallic Gold. 
 PMS colors as printed in the Pantone Color Formula guidebook are only a reference point. Therefore, e-proofs are not an exact color representation. Variations in product substrates, product color and materials make it impossible to exactly duplicate PMS colors on the final product. PMS colors in the pantone coated color book are made for printing on white, glossy paper, not products.  They are only a reference point and an approximation. Due to these constraints, color variations cannot be considered a defect and products cannot be returned for this reason. 
 Artwork Disclaimer: Artwork with tight registration, halftones, screen tints and/or bleeds must be reviewed by our Art Department for approval. Avoid very fine lines, both in type and illustrations. For Full Caliber Color imprints, please visit our website for additional details. 
 Catalog Photography: 
 The artwork, designs and trademarks imprinted on the products displayed herein are reproduced only as examples of the type and quality of decorated products available. They are not intended to represent that the products are either endorsed by, or produced for the owners of the artwork, design or trademark. Any unauthorized use of images or material in this catalog without prior written consent is prohibited. Products shown in this catalog may vary slightly from actual products due to inherent limitations in photography, film separations and printing. 
 Copyright & Trademark: 
 The artwork, designs, and trademarks imprinted on the products displayed herein are reproduced only as examples of the type and quality of imprinted products available. They are not intended to represent that the products are either endorsed by or produced for the owners of the artwork, designs, or trademarks. All copyright and trademark names identified are the properties of the companies that own them. No intent to infringe on any copyrights and trademarks has been made in this catalog. They are presented solely for the education of the reader. 
 SHIPPING 
 All shipments are sent FOB the factory in Irwindale, CA and the customer is responsible for all shipping charges from zip code 91702. Shipping instructions, shipping method, delivery address and delivery date must be included in the PO. Changes to shipping instructions must be in writing, approved by the factory and submitted at least 72 hours prior to the ship date. Factory will not be responsible for delays or additional charges created by any unapproved changes. Factory may ship orders up to 3 days prior to customer’s ship date without notifying the customer. Orders are not insured unless requested on the PO or in writing. 
 All orders become the customer’s property upon factory’s delivery to the carrier or carrier pickups as all shipments are FOB factory. Customers should file claims with the specific carrier for any delayed, lost or damaged shipments. The factory will be happy to assist with this process, but the customer must initiate the process within 14 days of shipment. The factory is not responsible for delays caused by a carrier or government agency. No refunds, credits or returns will be given to a customer due to carrier or government agency delays. 
 Carriers: 
 The factory reserves the right to ship via the carrier of their choice, at customer’s expense, in order to meet the customer’s in-hand date. Shipping via the United States Postal Service, will require an additional 2 business days and a fee of $32(v)/per order. 
 Drop Shipments: 
 A Drop shipment charge of $6.50(V) per location will apply. First 3 are at no charge. 
 Miscellaneous Shipping Information: 
 If a delivery address is not included on the PO, the factory will hold the shipment of the order for up to three days before shipping via ground carrier directly to the customer’s address on file. The customer is responsible for any additional freight charges caused by address changes, residential service, re-routed packages, returned packages and/or other adjustments made by the carriers. These additional freight charges will be invoiced to the customer in a supplemental invoice 15 to 60 days after the shipment. 
 Special Packaging and Fulfillment: 
 The factory has a full service fulfillment facility that can accommodate any packaging needs. Call for a quote on any special packaging and fulfillment services required. There will be a $43.75(v) per pallet charge for palletizing. 
 Overruns and Under Runs: 
 The factory reserves the right to over ship or under ship up to 5% of the order quantity and invoices the customer accordingly. Exact quantity shipments will require an exact quantity fee of $35(v). 
 Sample Request Information: 
 We provide random, imprinted samples based upon the catalog EQP price. Blank samples are always billed at the EQP price and are not provided free of charge. Customer is responsible for all sample shipping charges and the customer must provide a Federal Express or UPS account number. Sample sales are final and non-returnable or refundable. 

 Links 

 About Us

 Meet The Team

 Check Order Status

 Credits, Returns & Remake Policy 

 Privacy Policy

 Shipping Policy

 Sourcing

 Contact Us

 HCL Correspondence 

 Quick links 

 Product Safety

 Terms and Conditions

 Lowest Prices Guarantee

 Standard Colors

 Lanyard Attachments

 We Always Discount 

 News/Blogs

 Media Information 

 Imprint Methods

 Create eCatalog

 Trade Shows

 Product Videos

 © 2026, High Caliber Line Powered by Shopify 
 Privacy policy 
 Shipping policy 
 Terms of service Navigate back to the top 
 Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. 
 Opens in a new window.