Concord Marketing Solutions | Promotional Products & Apparel |  Glendale Heights, IL - About 

 About Us 
 Who We Are 
 What We Do 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 Ethical Trading Initiative 
 Testimonials 
 The Concord Difference

 Online Store Programs 
 Creative Merchandise 
 Recognition and Incentive Programs 
 Global Solutions 
 Our Companies 
 Clayton Kendall 
 Rush Imprint 
 Products 
 Catalogs 
 In-House Decorate on Demand 
 Apparel 
 Bags 
 Drinkware 
 Events & Tradeshows 
 Office 
 Outdoors 
 Technology 
 Need More? 
 Events & News 
 Request a Demo 
 Contact 

 About 

 Loading… 

 Home 
 About 

 ABOUT CONCORD MARKETING SOLUTIONS 
 Concord Marketing Solutions Inc. was established in 1993 by Kirk Graves and Robert Conte, with a shared focus on ushering retail name-brands to the corporate marketplace. In 2002, Concord adopted the ‘ pay as you go’ solution, significantly reducing clients’ overall cost.  Additionally, we’ve pioneered completely customizable company sites, where clients can easily access their promotional shop. Concord currently operates  150+ online store programs  for companies located all around the globe. 
 We have office locations across the US, in places such as New Jersey, Wisconsin, North Carolina, Missouri, Kansas, Texas, Ohio, Arizona, and Pennsylvania. Concord’s headquarters is located at 195 Exchange Boulevard, Glendale Heights, Illinois. This 50,000 square foot facility grants ample space to run embroidery, heat seal and laser engraving operations on site, demonstrating incomparable efficiency; as well as space to hold over $2.5 million dollars of blank soft goods. 
 For the past ten years, Concord has been named as one of the  Best Places to Work by the Counselor Magazine. In 2023, we were recognized by the Promotional Products Association International (PPAI) as one if its “Greatest Companies to Work For.” Most up to date, Concord was ranked 19 on the 2024 PPAI 100 Distributors. 

 OUR CORE STATEMENT 
 We amplify and scale brand engagement with customers  and employees at every touchpoint. 
 Through creative design, premium products, and seamless technology-enabled fulfillment, we turn everyday interactions into powerful brand experiences that drive loyalty and growth. 

 OUR VALUES 
 We the People 
 We empower our people and clients with collaboration, communication, and care - and we enjoy the journey together. 

 Stay Curious 
 We question, learn, and innovate to make tomorrow better than today. 

 Make it Right 
 We do what's right, not just what's required - and integrity drives every choice. 

 Results Matter 
 We own shared goals and purposeful outcomes - and maximize success for our clients and our people. 

 MAKING A DIFFERENCE 
 Concord is committed to making a difference in the world and helping those in need.  The company is proud to support and partner with the following organizations : 
 Camp One Step 
 Children's Specialized Hospital 
 Covenant House - NJ 
 Feed My Starving Children 
 First Tee Chicago 
 Harvesters Food Bank 
 Red Cross 
 Salvation Army 
 North Lawndale Kinship Initiative 
 Susan G. Komen 

 Facebook 
 X 
 LinkedIn 
 Instagram 
 Yelp 
 Youtube 
 Pinterest 
 Blog 
 Tumbler 
 Tumbler 

 Concord Marketing Solutions Concord Marketing Solutions 
 195 Exchange Blvd 
 Glendale Heights, IL 60139 

 630.893.6453  ·  800.648.8588 
 info@concordms.com 

 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 News & Events 
 Testimonials 
 Questions or Comments? 

 Information, data and designs from this website may not be copied, archived, mined, stored, captured, harvested or used in any way except in connection with use of the site in the ordinary course for its intended purpose. 

 Close Virtual Sample