About Us | StaplesPromo.com 
 Skip to main content 
 Get answers, ideas or help: Contact 

 Shop
 expand_more 

 Shop

 Help Me Pick 
 24-Hour Rush 
 Contact Us 
 Popular Products 

 chevron_left Back 
 All Popular Products 
 24-Hour Rush 
 Best Sellers 
 Low Minimums 
 Trends 
 Unique Products 
 Direct to Garment Printing 
 America250™ 
 All Retail Brands 
 Adidas® 
 CamelBak® 
 Carhartt® 
 Corkcicle® 
 High Sierra® 
 Hydro Flask® 
 Moleskine® 
 Nike® 
 Stanley® 
 The North Face® 
 Titleist® 
 Under Armour® 

 Events & Gifts 

 chevron_left Back 
 Events & Tradeshows 
 Giveaways 
 Lanyards & Badge Reels 
 Banners, Flags & Signs 
 Displays & Table Coverings 
 Gifts 
 Food & Drink 
 Employee Gifts 
 Client Gifts 
 Executive Gifts 
 Gift Sets 
 Awards & Recognition 

 Apparel & Headwear 

 chevron_left Back 
 All Apparel 
 T-Shirts 
 Polos 
 Dress Shirts 
 Sweatshirts 
 Sweaters & Cardigans 
 Zip Pullovers 
 Jackets & Outerwear 
 Pants & Shorts 
 Lounge & Travel 
 Scrubs & Safety Uniforms 
 Men's & Unisex Apparel 
 Women's Apparel 
 Youth Apparel 
 Headwear & Accessories 
 Hats & Caps 
 Beanies 
 Gloves & Scarves 

 Bags & Travel 

 chevron_left Back 
 Bags & Coolers 
 Totes 
 Backpacks 
 Business Bags 
 Cinch & Foldable Bags 
 Duffels 
 Lunch Bags & Coolers 
 Fanny Packs 
 Travel 
 Travel Bags 
 Travel Accessories 

 Drinkware 

 chevron_left Back 
 All Drinkware 
 Water Bottles 
 Tumblers 
 Mugs & Glassware 
 Plastic Cups 
 Drinkware Accessories 
 Can Coolers 
 Coasters 
 Bottle Openers 
 Straws 

 Office & Tech 

 chevron_left Back 
 Office Essentials 
 Journals & Notebooks 
 Desk Accessories 
 Calendars 
 Notepads & Flags 
 Padfolios 
 Pens & Writing Instruments 
 Pens 
 Pencils 
 Markers & Highlighters 
 Writing Sets 
 Tech 
 Chargers, Cables & Adaptors 
 Earbuds & Headphones 
 Speakers 
 Power Banks 
 Tech Accessories 

 Wellness & Safety 

 chevron_left Back 
 Healthcare & PPE 
 Safety 
 Safety Glasses 
 Physical & Mental Health 
 Lip Balm 
 Stress Relief 
 Personal Care 

 Outdoor & Leisure 

 chevron_left Back 
 Outdoors 
 Rain Gauges 
 Towels 
 Sunglasses 
 Umbrellas 
 Camping 
 Sports & Fitness 
 Golf 
 Toys & Games 
 Yoga 

 Auto, Tools & Home 

 chevron_left Back 
 Auto & Tools 
 Keychains 
 Lights & Flashlights 
 Auto Accessories 
 Tools 
 Knives 
 Home Goods 
 Blankets 
 Entertaining 
 Home Décor 
 Candles 
 Pet Products 
 Kitchen 
 Boards & Trays 
 Containers 
 Utensils 
 Aprons 

 Help Me Pick 
 24-Hour Rush 
 Contact Us 

 search 
 call 

 person person 
 Log In Create Account 
 1 
 $0.00 

 search 

 close 

 Grow Brand Love in Hearts & Markets Around the World. 
 Staples Promotional Products is The Brand Love, Built Better, Together,™ company . 

 Brand Love 
 Brand love is built in key moments throughout customer, consumer, and employee journeys. We strengthen brand connection in these critical moments with custom merchandise experiences. We help people love your brand as much as you do. See what brand love looks like > 

 Built Better 
 We’re fixated not just on the products and solutions you need, but more importantly, the results you need from them. We’ve built the industry’s best technology platforms, supply chain, and logistics network to deliver more authentic, sustainable and effective brand experiences, worldwide. Learn more about our services > 

 Together 
 Loved brands are authentic, rewarding and lasting. We build client relationships the same way. Many of the world’s most recognizable brands have been with us for decades because they trust us to expertly complement their strategies and partner with them to solve even the most complex challenges along the way. Get started > 
 The World’s Most Loved Brands Trust Us 
 for Custom Merchandise Experiences 

 Brand Love 

 Built Better 

 Together 

 Brand Love 
 Grow brand love in hearts and markets around the world. 
 Custom Merchandise Design Online Merchandise eStores Event Support Licensing Support Rewards & Recognition 

 Custom Merchandise Design 
 Create brand-resonant merchandise experiences by pairing the latest decoration techniques with long-lasting products that honor your brand in quality, form and function. 

 Online Brand Merchandise eStores 
 Create a national or multi-national assortment of custom-curated brand merchandise to centralize purchasing. We combine centralized assortment planning, branding and reporting with agile regional fulfillment and account service. 

 Online Pop-Up Shops 
 Streamline gifting or enable audiences to purchase branded merchandise for special events with custom, online Pop-Up Merchandise Shops. 

 Licensing Support 
 Activate your licenses and sponsorships worldwide with custom or contract-manufactured merchandise. We’ll take care of everything for you. Custom labeling and packaging are included, along with all royalty calculation, collection, remittance and reporting. 

 Culture, Rewards, & Recognition 
 Celebrate tenure, inspire values alignment and improve engagement at every stage of the employee journey with points they can redeem from a global assortment of 100,000+ lifestyle rewards. Example programs include Service Anniversary Awards, Peer-To-Peer Recognition, Safety Programs and more! 

 Learn More > 

 Built Better 
 Engage audiences anywhere with our global experts , in-market distribution and secure merchandise experience platforms. 

 Product Development 

 We work with carefully-curated suppliers and audited factories around the world to custom design, manufacture and import proprietary products, apparel and uniforms that transform your brand ethos and icons into brand-differentiating merchandise experiences. 

 Creativity 

 Our trend-immersed, award-winning creative team designs through the product and into platforms, promotions and packaging to ensure your entire merchandise experience is engaging, brand-resonant and on-strategy. 

 Powerful, Secure Technology Platforms 

 Our platforms include: brand merchandise eStores, gifting and event support microsites, global reward and recognition sites and more. Each gives you the convenient, intuitive functionality merchandise users expect AND the procurement utility you need, including flexible portal integration. 

 Brand Guardianship 

 Our account teams become experts on your brand guidelines. They leverage our digital asset management system that houses only those assets you approve. It consolidates and organizes assets by region, centralizing versioning and ensuring accuracy & consistency across every market your program serves. 

 Global Account Management 

 Global Account Teams broadcast brand experiences to more than 125 countries. They merge centralized program strategy, assortment planning, and reporting with agile regional inventories, fulfillment and account service. 

 Global Supply Chain & Compliance 

 Every supplier is required to sign and follow our Code of Conduct, specifying stringent standards for ethical, social and safety compliance. Our compliance team provides sourcing, QA inspections and compliance audits. 

 Global Warehousing & Logistics 

 We stock and fulfill merchandise from 40+ warehouses worldwide, so we can provide flexible and economical solutions. We localize inventories and sourcing to accommodate regional demand, improve transit time, and minimize duties and taxes. 

 Global Dashboard Reporting 

 Our dashboard reporting gives you global, at-a-glance oversight; detailed on-demand regional reports; and everything in between. Reporting and dashboard views are intuitively organized to match your organizational footprint. 

 Nike rates our decoration quality 3 million swooshes! 
 Our decoration operations are one of a select few certified by Nike to reproduce its iconic "swoosh" trademark. Each year, they trust us to swoosh over 3 million pieces of retail collegiate apparel. 

 Brands of all sizes get the same meticulous quality when their merchandise comes from our 500,000 square foot decoration and distribution center in Orange City, IA. It runs on 100% renewable energy and was awarded a silver medal for sustainability by EcoVadis. 

 75 
 Years in Business 

 100 
 10+ Year Client Relationships 

 40 
 Merchandise Distribution Centers Worldwide 

 95 
 Fortune 500 Clients 

 40 
 Global Merchandise Program Clients 

 38 
 Fortune 100 Clients 

 Get EcoVadis sustainability transparency for the 90% of merchandise value chain no other brand merchandiser reports. Learn More & Download Our CSR Report > 
 Ensure your merchandise experiences live up to your brand’s sustainability promises with unmatched third-party verification and transparency. 

 Together 
 Collaborate with passionate brand experience experts who put strategy over stuff. We’ll ideate and execute beyond the merch to help you achieve the brand love mission behind your investment. 

 At Staples, inclusion is a verb. 
 Diverse workforces produce superior innovation and business results. We support diverse talent with industry-leading inclusion resources , such as a Social Justice Resource Center and ten Business Resource Groups. We also work with Village Northwest Unlimited to employ neurodivergent talent in our operations. Learn more about our welcoming culture in our latest CSR report. Learn More 

 Your Staples Advantage 
 Staples Promo is a separately-operated brand merchandiser, wholly owned by Staples Inc. We bring the same value and distribution excellence to brand merchandise that Staples pioneered for office consumables. With that, we enjoy exclusive advantages that elevate talent, reduce costs and make us a more effective, diverse and strategic brand services partner. 

 Our Industry Experts Are Ready When You Are 
 Reach out to connect with our experienced team to start the conversation. 

 close 

 We are the Brand Love, Built Better, Together™ company. Our Story chevron_right 

 Help 
 Enterprise Solutions 
 Blog 
 1-800-491-3003 
 Careers 

 Sign up and get 15% off your first order 
 Enter your email below to receive exclusive offers and more. 

 facebook 
 instagram 
 linkedin 
 pinterest 

Copyright 

 Staples, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 Corporate Social Responsibility | Terms and Conditions | Accessibility Statement | Vulnerability Disclosure Policy | Privacy Notice |

 California Notice |

|

 Back to Top 

 Loading....

 Select your brand/logo to start shopping 
 Select a brand for a list of products tailored specifically to your needs. 
 Search for your brand/logo 

 The brand you have selected does not apply to this item(s). You will be redirected to the home page 

 Please select any brand. 

 Show Brand 

 Compare 

 close